[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Let's review.
These are inline tags that go over text,
right?
So we have strong,
which usually means bold.
And you notice that I say
usually in all these?
You notice how I changed
the color of the text?
All of that is available to change.
So, what you need to ask yourself is,
the HTML makers could have made
this bold instead of strong, right?
But the issue here is,
what might be strong could be different
in different contexts, right?
Like, say, for example,
we're making a page and
we wanna really emphasize this
one particular word, right?
We would put strong around it, and
then say later that we wanted to make
instead of it being bold, we want it,
it should be like bigger and green.
So if we had it say bold, we'd wanna
change it to be something else, but
the tag would say bold and so you'd have
this kind of like cognitive dissonance,
like this says it's bold but
I changed my mind about it and so
now I no longer want it to be bold but
the name of the tag is still bold.
So your tag is kind of lying to you.
Instead you can call it strong, and
in both cases the word is now strong,
like the bold is strong and
the large and green is strong, it just
gives you flexibility to change it later.
We kind of follow that.
This is, again, going back to that
semantic HTML, as opposed to saying
this is my green div, you should say
this is my navigation, because your
navigation is always going to be
navigation, it might not always be green.
Does that kind of make sense?
Go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] [INAUDIBLE]
conjunction with CSS also,
if it's already bold we go in CSS and
we change it and
make it all like pink, bold, like that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Or can make it
strong, but okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah yeah,
that makes me happy that you get it.
So I don't feel like
a bumbling idiot up here.
Well I already kind of do, but it's cool.
I'll deal with my own
psychology on my own time.
Okay.
So <strong> it's for bold, emphasis
is like typically you use italics for
emphasis 95% of the time, but
maybe that 5% you want emphasis to have
more spaces between the letters, or
it's gray or something like that.
You're free to change it and
it's not lying to you, right?
Cuz if you said italics, and then you
changed it, it's no longer italics and
it's gray but it says it's italics,
you're just like well what
the hell is going on here, right?
>> Brian Holt: And
then <span> is like divs for inlines.
It's used for something you wanna separate
from other things, and like I said,
it becomes very useful with CSS.
Because just putting something in
a span will not do anything to it,
it just has a span around it and the user
has no idea that there's a span around it.
Make sense?
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's just take and
look at another example of this.
>> Brian Holt: This is what everyone
in the room is thinking right now.
So I have this paragraph.
It's like this class is awesome and
I love it.
So it's just wrapping individual
elements inside of there.
Just things that you
want to put emphasis on,
like something you would do in Word and
you would just highlight and hit bold on.
That's essentially what this is doing.
Or you're just saying this text
is different from the other text.
It's special, this is my special text.
Questions about that?
Cool.
Let's just close out stuff.
I'll leave that one open in case
I need to do some other stuff.